Update installing-unimodules.md (#12597)
expo/expo: docs/pages/bare/installing-unimodules.md

<br />

> Save all of your changes. In xCode you need to make sure that iOS Deployment Target under `Target/BuildSettings/Deployment` is set to `iOS 11.0`.  The last step is to install the project's CocoaPods again in order to pull in unimodules that are detected by `use_unimodules!` directive that we added to the `Podfile`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save all of your changes. In Xcode, update the iOS Deployment Target under `Target → Build Settings → Deployment` to `iOS 11.0`. The last step is to install the project's CocoaPods again in order to pull in unimodules that are detected by `use_unimodules!` directive that we added to the `Podfile`:
```
